@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\120\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\120\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
alpha;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\fallbacktoolbardonotuse.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\toolbar.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
animated-selector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_animation.xml
animated-vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked_indeterminate.xml
animated-vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked.xml
animated-vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked.xml
animated-vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked.xml
animated-vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked_checked.xml
animated-vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate.xml
attr;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\12\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\9\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
background;obj\Debug\120\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\120\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\67\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj\Debug\120\res\values\colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.bottomnavigation.BottomNavigationView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\fallbacktabbardonotuse.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\tabbar.xml
corners;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\drawable\styleinfo.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\12\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\9\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
dimen;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\5\jl\res\values\dimen.xml
enum;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\12\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
enum;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
enum;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\9\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\67\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\67\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\120\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\120\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
group;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked.xml
group;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate.xml
group;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\layout\customizedview1.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\6\jl\res\layout\customizedimageview.xml
item;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_animation.xml
item;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\values\values.xml
item;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\layout\customizedview1.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\6\jl\res\layout\customizedimageview.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_null.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_null.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_path.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_null.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_outer.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_null.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_path.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_inner.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_null.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_outer.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_inner.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_null.xml
objectAnimator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_outer.xml
path;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked.xml
path;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate.xml
path;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked.xml
pathInterpolator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\interpolator\sfcheckbox_checked_interpolator0.xml
pathInterpolator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\interpolator\sfcheckbox_checked_interpolator1.xml
pathInterpolator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\interpolator\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_interpolator1.xml
pathInterpolator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\interpolator\sfcheckbox_unchecked_interpolator0.xml
pathInterpolator;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\interpolator\sfcheckbox_unchecked_interpolator1.xml
paths;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\67\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\layout\sfautocomplete_layout.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\6\jl\res\layout\sfcombobox_layout.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\11\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\12\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\14\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\5\jl\res\values\dimen.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\5\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\9\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\9\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;obj\Debug\120\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\120\res\values\styles.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_inner.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_null.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_inner.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_null.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked_path.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_inner.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_null.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked_outer.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_inner.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_null.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked_path.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_inner.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_null.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate_outer.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_inner.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_null.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\anim\sfcheckbox_unchecked_outer.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
shape;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\drawable\styleinfo.xml
string;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\11\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\14\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\5\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\9\jl\res\values\strings.xml
stroke;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\drawable\styleinfo.xml
style;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;obj\Debug\120\res\values\styles.xml
target;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked_indeterminate.xml
target;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked_unchecked.xml
target;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_checked.xml
target;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate_unchecked.xml
target;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked_checked.xml
target;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked_indeterminate.xml
TextView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\layout\customizedview.xml
TextView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\4\jl\res\layout\customizedview1.xml
TextView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\6\jl\res\layout\customizedimageview.xml
TextView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\6\jl\res\layout\customizedview.xml
TextView;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\7\jl\res\layout\spinner_item.xml
transition;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_animation.xml
translate;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_checked.xml
vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_indeterminate.xml
vector;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\sfcheckbox_unchecked.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.ShellFlyoutLayout;C:\Users\user\Desktop\MySoft\MyGitDemo\New folder\XamarinDemo\New folder\CameraApps\CameraApps\CameraApps.Android\obj\Debug\120\lp\68\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
